nutritious light pause rich in taste
the same time then why not now
carve out a small space for everything
we
I would like to prepare a smoothie with bananas
and strawberries yes but the aim has not taken off
is that of a simple and trivial
smoothie because in fact we will prepare it
with natural ingredients and reporters for
stock up on mineral salt vitamins
nutrients we will see different ingredients
100 g of banana pulp 200 250 grams
of fresh strawberries 200 milliliters approximately
of hemp seed milk 15 grams of
stevia 31 half lemon juice is
optional some mint leaves
like any self-respecting smoothie
obviously the simple preparation
simple but I have chosen with care
basic ingredients to make mine
raw food smoothie milk is a milk
raw vegetable obviously prepared in
starting from the seeds of cannabis sativa that
offers a side with water you can find
the recipe then superimposed
I will also put the link at the end of the video
this year hemp milk
sweetened here are the strawberries that
are the seasons and also the bananas
because in my opinion they contrast banana
strawberry is excellent
then we begin to peel the Roman
let 's put the slices of banal immediately
lemon juice to prevent
the rapid oxidation of bananas a
contact with the air is also the lemon there
some strawberries are fine
well washed, dry with a cloth and
founded and then cut even small pieces
then as a sweetener you can put it
as I suggest the stevia ho
used a stevia 31 means that
a teaspoon of stevia corresponds to
three teaspoons of sugar of
reference or sucrose if
strawberries are very sweet you can too
avoid putting this sweetener
or to replace it with maybe with the
mister oppo da gava
we put our seed milk of
hemp lyon ray a touch of freshness
with a few leaves of fresh mint
we find everything
here we are in a flash our
based on ready see this is the
consistency that I like with not too much
liquid a lot at power you can adapt it
according to your tastes by increasing or
decreasing the amount of vegetable milk
con dista to put the advice that you
I can give is to take it immediately
so don't leave it there too long
otherwise active ingredients oxidize
in this way, fill up on vitamins
and mineral salts